Israel. We've seen it before with different a carries the
instant locked here though, four T one right out of the gate. Guma
has performed so well on this champion.
I wonder if you'll see something like Tristan here from def.
I mean, the ad pool is really pinched at the moment.
There's not that many set up A DS left other than Gin.
So he's gonna have to dig deep deft. Isn't that much of an
Aels player?
We saw his third Draven game all time in this tournament when they were down two nil.
Uh, there's the A trucks coming in for King and Z was probably gonna go something like
fra
the
trucks has been a staple of top lane throughout this entire tournament.
-- I
-- think they also have a high priority on this silence that has gone
through when you ban out the call for one side here for 41.
Also raising that priority
-- has been a monster
-- with it.
Yeah,
I think the problem they run into with blinding
Silas is they're going to face against fakers rise.
I wonder if faker will blind, pick it regardless. But there's the
VGO coming in from
graves is still up as well. So I wonder if owner wants to go in that direction.
-- All
-- right,
one second part of the draft for him.
Let's see what it's going to be to accompany that forest.
Remember this 80 carry is typically very vulnerable.
Normally you want the support to be able to protect, be able to keep him safe.
But there it is
counter pick into the eight track.
The yone
locked in for T one.
Granata Glass going to be the last champion here in the first half for them.
The mechanics on this top lane prodigy, get everyone excited for this pick.
Meanwhile,
Kia has one series entire series for T one with this Renato pick really,
really great ultimates coming from him to bring that structure
to their team fights and there's the stylist baby.
I wanted it for
Zecca.
He throws it down versus Faker the God and then you
can protection ban it here in the next two bands.
-- Really nice stuff from DRX. See
-- the rise minority coming through.
You think of Azier, you think of Victor as the last two remaining champions
of control majors that can go into the silo. But like you said,
you
know, such a powerhouse pick for
Zeus and it was virus that
carrier was alongside in that buffle match up to dominate the league.
Yeah, we got the rise band away the RB
out by T one respecting Beryl's wide champion pool. There's the graves band out.
Recognizing that T one still has that jungle roll yet to pick.
They do not want to deal with the graves there. With that
VGO matchup era
will be the final band of the draft for one
and the
-- locked in in game one for DRX
-- Farrel Heimerdinger
shows its face again.
We've seen time and time again that he doesn't need an ash by his side.
We've seen Ezra Heimerdinger come out from DRX.
Now, the question is Jungle Pool is slightly pinched here. A little bit too.
Four owner said you want and Graves being down Diego being picked away.
What is his option for the draft
might go for, at least in by the looks of it.
A lot of meat champs so can find those kicks.
-- You'll love to
-- see it.
The style always possible to come out there with the Lee Sid and Baker. Baker Baker.
What's a good
beer
comes down again now? Ok.
So a Carey here, I think misfortune for de if you go by what has been most played,
but do they have something secret?
-- That's
-- a good question. You think of misfortune
of Jane Callista is up but Calista Heimer
doesn't sound the strongest
seger.
Heer. Maybe not the best up against Az with the long range.
So I think something that can either go in or something that can set up.
Pushing lane is all the DRX deep here in the both side sever
is gonna be the answer a bit short ranged against the Azer,
but def confident enough that that champion can get the
push and keep the push in the mid game.
When you're thinking of push,
when you're thinking of 80 carry siver is always
the one that first comes to mind for me,
especially when you have these solo laner that have the capability of
being a side lane threat of being a one V one monster
-- siver to clear the waves.
-- Feels great.
Do you know what's beautiful about these two cups? There's no front line.
This is all just an Armageddon in team five.
If anyone can connect spell spells, there is so much follow up from both sides,
especially on T one.
The front line is your ability to outplay. That's it.
-- It's not the health bar is your
-- mechanics,
which puts a lot more emphasis on these key big abilities you mentioned
as soon as carry are locked in the Renata,
that's something that can bring some structure to your team fight.
If you get locked up in just a moment of CC,
there's so much damage on both of these teams boom, instantly taken down.
-- So so much is gonna come down to
-- execution.
There is a lot of damage and I think both compositions
diving into the opposing team's composition just looks really tricky. Right?
Renata
A here in terms of push back and host style take over the Heri
committing to
a Hegg receiver seems tough
-- of the
-- current meta of that melee match up with th
with the call taking turns.
Here we go. Then on to sum of his R for game one of the world's finals.
It's been 3000, 318 days since Faker won his first world championship.
1000 and 50 games, 100 and 90 patches. And he's looking for another.
-- It's
-- been a damn long time but they're back here and ready to go.
The arena is packed, the
players are locked and loaded and T one and DRX are ready for their first conflict.
What an epic finals here.
Everyone waiting on the edge of their seats for the
greatest organization in the history of League of legends.
T one and Baker versus DRX,
-- the greatest underdog run in the world's history
-- plays to world's finals.
They've just been scaling throughout the entire tournament death
taking down so many of his former teammates,
DRX finding ways to topple
teams like EDG
and now
just a very standard level one here. A ward there
in the river. The pink place by
PIC goes for the
normal health ball just gives a little bit of vision to
Zecca to make sure he's safe in the early stages.
And definitely looking at juggler's both starting bottom sides
because the top lane matchup is so volatile.
Zeus is one of the few top laner that people have confidence to pick these sort
of skill matchups into with that Yoni on the top side and we want to see if
or owner will get there first to influence it. It
really snowball and damage the m
way of control afterwards.
All right,
go ahead. Clear out that
second.
Just go ahead and make sure he's maximizing that exp
just going to continue passing towards that top side.
I would believe Baker versus
Zeca.
There's going to be a lot of conversations about
this matchup throughout the entirety of the series.
I guarantee it Tri Lane shot showing us the,
has that push here in the top lane.
Meanwhile bottom side DRX taking early command of the
definitely is and of course, T one is eight and zero against DRX this year.
The Rx haven't even taken a single game in the
best of threes and every single time in those games,
T one have had responses to what the Rx have blind picked.
You know, you think back to even in spring round one, they played three De
Me
in the court. He Becks into a eve
going to r
so many examples. But Pio
is now looking around mid, he's done his three B side tap
looking for faker.
-- He might have to flash the
-- stunt
Yoshi
coming in with spectrum. More faker gets away nicely flashed from that.
And as we have a little bit of early action here,
remember the prime gaming is giving away 150,000 RP
to several lucky fans every single day of this competition
and we're almost done.
So,
head on over to prime Gaming World 20 two.com to enter
and make sure you put in today's secret code to get those
inches. I love this early pass from PIC
because it doesn't take much of his time at all.
I think it's a very valuable summer spell
owner now,
walking over the ward that he left
behind really good manipulation of information here.
Red Buff is going to be pulled off since they saw him on the ward
knows that
was on the way. Might have to reset the red buff here in K
is Soto
lane, don't really have any push. So owner is just going to go over to the crux instead
kick very aware of that happening. So he's going to try to push him back as well.
Doesn't want to give up any of these camp owner wants to keep the pressure. Zeus
is first to the
one
nicely done owner faster on the Smite.
Yoshi's
gonna have to walk away. Now,
Zus commanding control over the wave crashing into the turret means he can back up
his jungler so owner can stick around and secure more of the smaller CRS.
-- And
-- actually it was P
who used the Smite and owner got it with a little bit of damage there. So now
has slight advantage for a little bit over P
and he's got a ward on the red.
-- He could just steal
-- this.
That ward is perfect.
He's scared of owner and he will spot him out on the way.
He's going to try to reset it again. You have to imagine no push in mid lane for
it in the
-- looks like you'll be able to finish it out of vision. Nicely
-- done.
Right back in on the other side of the red to prevent any further patience loss.
He doesn't even have to smite it anymore.
They see owner on top of the ward, they know he's no longer contesting this,
but he is still looking into the
just going to back out.
-- There's nothing left to fight for you and this
-- is the trade off of the mid.
You got a flash. You lost
Prus.
Not the end of the world did pick up a couple of them and managed to get his red.
Now he's going to move down towards his B
crab.
Second
ones coming in.
No pressure a lot here for faker in mid
as the TB if he needs it,
jos
has flash to gap close on the faker.
Baker might have to be careful in the next couple of minutes.
-- Not
-- a lot of man to work with here on SECA with the Silas. He's playing nice and safe.
We'll see if he
can find an angle here. Baker still pretty far
back to
over
to
-- the star here
-- funneled again. P OI
multiple games returns before the flash gets back
up as you said instantly flashes in there for
the ST they get their kill and they get the money exactly where they want it.
This silent skills so well and can have some kill pressure.
-- This
-- is gonna be a huge problem for
one in the mid game
was forced to flash away the solo lanes going in favor of DRX. It's King and
Pio
off to
a great start.
These two players were last place in the LCK last year in summer and
-- now they're in the world's finals and they're already off to a great
-- start.
And I love their story with King in
-- and Decca as we have it after hit our bottom side
-- boys,
we might not have the time for any story because De
is about to drop in bottom lane but he heals through it
here. He is owner still chasing after owner wants to land it.
There's a little bit more damage coming up
on
a
flash into the tempest
to make it
as
Deca goes in with a stolen,
he'll shuffle faker right on back. But owner on the way, so
-- Zeca can't do more beautiful
-- play there from owner and carrier
chasing down on bottom side and because they get De down,
they get supremacy over the river
knowing that
Zeca cannot chase Baker any further into it. What an explosive start
barrel just gonna help
Seca get a little bit of vision around mid there did get the first base off as Cara
was looking to that, a lot of Sumner is blown across the board.
Zeca ideally wants to crash his wave in.
Doesn't have the flash and faker has to shuffle,
needs to respect it and back away a lot of early action.
Yeah, Baker's still having that shuffle because remember he was level five when DEA
engaged on him with a stolen alti. Let's now take another look at what happened.
Bottom
Kia nicely done there using E to pop the shield.
-- But for the
-- handshake gets the shield off and then pulls depth back in.
Want to just make sure the wave crashed there at Detton Kia
stopped him in his tracks.
His former teammate almost managed to find the solo kill an owner right behind. Ka.
Make sure he's there to back him up. E flash comes in
-- double flash expected for that kill. Cara
-- is so good, so incredibly good.
This support prodigy from rank one actually started with death on DRX as well,
getting the kill there.
But now it's dragon started up for
Pic and DRX and they should be able to finish it. No, Leon
arounds means no attempt at a sm
steal.
When
you
got
an
arrow,
Kahi kick
bull's eye for Guus.
She picks up the dragon
pusic doesn't even use the Smite,
oldest blood pressure for DRX and then
Psic coming down having the mid push and
-- th up that Drake backfires. And
-- this just reminds you of how T one got here to finals.
It was bottom different.
Oh,
my goodness. Cara takes down death. Then immediately afterwards,
Goma
is able to snipe away the objective as well.
This t one bottom lane is the T one bottom
lane that was promised originally best in the world,
right?
These guys stumbled at M si after an incredible, incredible run in spring in summer.
It's been about recovery.
And when I look back at their semifinal, they played this past weekend against JDG.
It was the bot
D
-- that really
-- stood out. It really was
an owner is hovering around there now,
making sure they have some kind of vision to push out.
De with no flash is an easy set up with a level six lease in owner just
trying to juggle this Midden bolt push to make
sure they can control this bolt side river.
But with Harold up, Ken's gonna stop that one top push
in favor of the Rx. They use no flash
deca is ready to move across. Beryl is on his way up.
We'll be first to the top side river. How does he want to dissect this fight?
They're looking for Kingen
owner throws out the cue but he's not gonna find it.
Zaka jumps in. Owner's ready to retreat back to his own teammate,
say who's contesting
1 ft? Two
owner and faker ready to join in. But barrels made his way into the fight.
Owner jumps in it's secured by DRX, now the fight breaks out p
coming
right back in T one with a lot of
move.
SECA
tries to get the kill but he won't feel secure
charges forward but not finding another kill just yet. It is t one.
-- They lose the objective. They get the kill and they stop the eye from being picked
-- up.
Yep. There. Smite was a little bit early. 95. He left on that Riff.
So DRX, they get the 300 gold for getting the rip held. But Baker sweeps in the Azer
Sweet back allows them to pick up the kill and owner surviving
there on the backside also means they get priority on the map.
So they're able to deny that eyeball you're talking about
as well as Baker getting an extra turret play.
-- So
-- let's look at that again. Goes in with a Q 295 HP and then
Pic picks it up and Zeus
who gets the knock up on the p
the shuffle into the Zeus
actually catches three of the mere
off level six. So he can't put down the big TZ
confident enough to chase.
And like you said, hi
to T one pushing lanes for T one with plates means it's in their favor this play.
-- I
-- love the fact that we got to fight that big early on in game one.
It bodes very well for the series.
T one up about 700 goals now just shy of 10 minutes into the game,
they've got a 1 to 0 lead.
They've got that stolen Drake,
but we're probably not going to see any more big fights for another two minutes
until the next Drake spawns total goal on the left side of your screen.
It's
Zeca and Guus
pulling
and car
man in the last fight as well,
sniping him again with another handshake to push them together to set up that kill,
getting a last hit for himself as well will be a fairly rich Granada.
-- But river control goes over to DRX and they secure
-- the crab. So
B
push
for DRX
Kings Wing in isolation and Z
needs some kind of vision to threaten faker to
make sure that he can't push into his power,
keep him under his power.
That has that lo
th threat of the second. He lands a chain, he can push him back into Pio.
It's all about the mid B
side here for both these teams and
saw the way that
could just use the spells throwing out the E two following it immediately with the R.
If that E two connects, boom,
you just shuffle them right back into the lane as we pan back top side and
is still in control. Owner coming up through the crushes.
Yeah.
With all the focus on the other side, with these little skirmishes
has been able to get himself thats
lead
with his yone
counter pick and owner does have flash and le
and kick available, they're going to look for the knock up.
I wonder if they can execute. This dive
has TV. So the longer this play goes on, the more it will backfire. I think
the king
and takes a trade into Zeus
and looks for a kill king and showing a lot of respect. So no play to be made.
Their owner,
one could have broken the entire game open by getting that kill Heralding.
The top tower Zeus
will be unlocked on the map but
is going to be back mid
the testing his way
-- and you can
-- see the timing for owner.
He doesn't want to waste any further seconds
on top side because dragon is responding.
So they set themselves up for that possible counter play up
on top side or dive if there's a play ready,
but they don't want to over invest and waste time with an objective coming right up.
So get back down to bottom
30 seconds on that Dragon Rees
born, but it's
kick who's gone up towards his drugs and
carrier has retaken the both side vision allowing
Vega to push into mid way and then move towards the both side to feel safe.
They should be able to secure that dragon pretty he
alrighty. We've still got the stolen
Azier ultimate on
Deca as well.
There's a ton of playmaking potential here on either side back
to what you guys were talking about in the draft.
The lack of front line is going to be very heavily felt once we get into more of
these big team fights and it's t one with control over the river as the Drake spawn.
Another big thing with T one getting control of
that river like you're talking about is the Renata
s that can come from
Kia.
He can cut off these entrances with the wide,
wide crowd control that is afforded to him.
-- Let's see about it. So DRX, they bully them off.
-- Wow,
DRX showing up, forcing T one back a little bit.
Seconds him on the flag. The second trick stole it.
Owner gets him and he gets away. Z
and the rest of TRX, they won't have a whole lot more to do.
-- But that is two Drakes to nothing now for
-- T one ocean.
So for T one as well, if they look forward to the next couple of dragons,
DRX very late to this play.
They managed to find an avenue in. It did turn into a little bit of a 5050. But tw
had really good positioning and set up in terms of vision before they had arrived.
Still
a little bit of pressure on this both sides as Zeca
is the one catching both wave and deft has moved towards.
Yeah,
Kosha coming down the river too.
I love both these jungler, the confidence even after the 95 health left on RFID
owner says, don't worry, I got this one,
the,
with the game
on the carrier gets, at least his flash
doesn't follow through the o a little bit scared of owner.
And if you've watched DDRX versus T one, the majority of this year,
it's just been a slow bleed out for the RXT one had better macro in the regular season.
They had more pushing lanes and had more options to play for.
And it was just a slow and steady loss every single time for DRX.
Barring the last time that they faced each other in round two of summer
where DRX actually had a pretty good goal lead and a massive kill lead.
But it was T ones Macro that brought them back into this and
it's DRX is Macro that has improved so much in this international tour
and talking about Macro,
that's the other thing that really stood out for
me about T one in their semifinal last weekend.
It was the Bo
Tiff and it was the decisions being made as a team, not just later on,
but early two to outmaneuver JDG and constantly find advantages.
-- Yeah,
-- I think
you
are one of the best in the world, in fact,
probably the best in the world now at pushing these leads when you get
this gold lead to be able to set up on the next objective.
Owner comes top again.
Zeus goes in, gets his third plate and RFID
number two about to arrive.
-- But
-- remember RT Herald number one,
despite the fact that there was a fight over this and a lot of players were there,
the eyeball was never claimed.
We never got to see that Harold used.
So the second one, I'm hoping we get some more results from
lots of lane shifts coming in here,
DRX have sent their jungle support up towards home
side for king and death to stay in mid.
So
I wonder if DRX just want to break the Laing phase right now and put the sever in mid,
put the Heinrich towards mid and stop pushing
in these waves building towards those two items.
So you control them up a little bit better.
Yeah,
it's always so nice to be able to get mid push
when you're looking at the next bonds of the objective.
So then you can either move in to this Herald first or once drag comes up.
Of course, you can do the exact same thing from the other side and T one get it first
bs
coming through.
T one's gonna start it up and
Ze's moving his way towards mid. He doesn't have the TV and faker does.
That allows him to stay in the lane. DRX know this has been started.
The question is, are they gonna contest it?
This is very similar to the dragon where they're just arriving a little bit too late.
Yeah.
T one like clockwork going these neutral
objectives continually posing this question to Dr
X and they get this one without a fight.
The gold lead continues to build 1.5 1000 now 15 minutes into the game for
the second seed from the LCK as faker gets away from the ever frost there of
the extra playmaking potential,
somewhat kind of the fact that Baker does have crown of the shattered
green going to make it harder to kill him when they go in.
And especially considering the squishing nature of both compositions.
I like this purchase from Baker
definitely agree.
And he one showing why a lot of people had them favorites in this match up here.
The lane phase,
very oppressive from them and being able to consistently push the tempo
still hovering around this
side
doesn't look like they're giving much resources to faker.
He has TP and they want to look for a play through to
king and seems to be the target for them.
Owner is actually gonna base and move towards mid. You have to expect. So very stock
standard
swap of late phases here just moving around pieces on the map
to r control
around mid.
No new objective just yet.
-- Well,
-- the big thing I'm looking at is we have solo laner
hitting their level 11 2nd level ultimate power spikes here.
That means the dives, the first potential is really starting to get high.
So I'm expecting to see more of these plays. I'm expecting to see more of these rooms.
I'm expecting to start seeing some dives and a little bit of testing
the water to see if they can just skill check their opponents.
And
one of the ones who can pull the trigger first, they have that Herald,
they probably want to put it towards mid or 12.
I mean, every single tower is incredibly low.
They're having push in all of these three
lanes which allows them to control this map.
So well,
grouping up now trying to find
an avenue to get a little bit of vision.
Maybe they can look for a pick carry is still not having that flash up.
There's a ward around it, but owner is ready to cover.
-- Yeah, I
-- think their biggest advantage they could set up for themselves here.
DRX is trying to establish that vision control over the dragon
before it spawns because he won since they got that rip
number two so late, they can sync up the activation of the second riff
here with the spawn of this dragon, you know, make a hard push first to keep
priority on mid, then slip down to the objective.
Heimerdinger does so well though this pick that has been so
fun throughout world when your opponents have to come face,
check you into brush and that's what barrel is trying to accomplish.
You see
the
tots being placed towards being put down, my eyes are on
Zeca for this next fight. It would be a third dragon for t
one. Of course. Ocean salt points. DRX, first ones in the river, Z
has a great position to look for
walking down.
Remember
has no stolen. Ultimate right now. So that's a big deal. What's he going to steal?
When is he going to steal it? Making the right choice goes a long way.
First, Harald of the game summoned up here in mid lane,
this will be the first turret killed by either side and it's mid lane.
Tier one dropping T one,
they pick up the tower and they get the wave in,
but it doesn't give them an avenue into this dragon because King and T beat bolt
and
Zeus needs to respond.
It's gonna be a dance around vision here as Baker is the first one to step up.
Owners going towards mid wave King, it will find the bot
-- lane of T 10 That's now
-- where they wanna be going, TRX, they're ready to go.
Can they survive? No carrier
-- will fall? But he's traded back for Zecca, a one for one that should favor
-- T
one. That was a fantastic set up for DRX. So it's a little bit of a backfire to go.
One for one, a couple of ultimates used from T one. DRX.
The same dragon is still up but DRX still looking for a pick. They're hoping that
Kushi walks back through this tribe,
-- which I think t one thought they had to go through
-- but
lane there and look at this Baker goes mid to put up the Azer
turret, try and get his mid priority that way
and then he can come right over. Remember
she has well stole the other dragon Kenny fish around here.
-- They've got vision inside the dragon pit and teleport coming
-- right out.
All right, teleport from
Zeus Bottom lane, Kenan and Barrel gonna keep him back.
Zeus
ready to try to outplay here with a sole unbound,
immediately reset his position. His job was to distract and distract.
He did Drake secure as Baker goes in
on the run for
the
aged
and
is down. Faker gets the kill and T one are ready to go.
-- T one so
-- precise just dominating this game, Zeus
magnificent slide of hand on the bottom side but they're not done yet.
Keegan looking for the type onto faker. He just walks out of the inferno
chains and goes for it.
But
Faker
and Baker gets Barrel and T one's ready for more po
six on the run but the ruined king will barely survive.
Owner walks away and now T one, Mike just pays for it. King's
ready to chase down Kumar
even further.
Say
coming around from the side. King
backing away. T one getting another Baker getting another
beca running home
turning into a slaughter in game one boys.
20 minutes here and T one have three Drakes as well as the gold leaves.
-- Huge
-- swing of gold. Now for a T one massive fight around the dragon.
They played it with so much patience.
There was never a moment where they felt rushed or pressured to just take a fight.
All of a sudden, they're just playing through waves,
making sure they have numbers advantage.
They sneak it away under Dr X's nose.
Then DRX kind of think they have to get into this fight.
And T one
are the ones who stand
to
playing with supreme confidence.
Zeus is here in his first year on the international stage.
The sleight of hand to distract the RDRX down to the bottom side.
-- Then Baker says we collapse on them, pull off the pincer and this
-- is the, the severe,
right?
Not very good range in terms of hitting back.
The Azer is just damaging your health for
death falls and then t won't look for another play.
-- We've got to fight on
-- life. We've already got that play right now.
Pic on the run, but he'll run nowhere.
Baker goes on a rampage and Barrow goes down with them. T one fine two.
They find the jungler and they find their way to the bear.
-- There
-- is a reason why T one is undefeated versus DRX.
They're outclassing them in every single role right now.
And T one will pick up that Barack just shy of 21 minutes in the game.
Absolute domination here.
The objective bounties are already up the game signaling just how far ahead T
one are and they picked right up where they left off this team,
their ascent has been so fun to watch.
Consistently outplay people in drafts in mechanics on the stage,
pressing these objectives at every turn
King
in.
Getting into a bit of A one B one here but
also nearby Baker ready to respond to King. It is low
and
takes the kill. Now with the full retreat coming out
is going to whip the shuffle and T one just has to wait it out.
They'll take out these minions,
Zeca trying to find any sort of a way to get out of this one.
But it ain't going to happen. Sir Baker
-- unstoppable. I
-- especially love the story. Well, never mind owners on.
We don't have time for stories. Owner
looking for another finds, the R finds the Q finds two. There it is.
Owner picks up the K.
-- The
-- only story here is that DRX is history after game one. T one are just do
in
them and you can't fault TRX because they have to find pigs. T one have a Baron buff.
They're gonna start the siege with his ear and Barre. They can go for 14 with
Zus on the yone.
They tried to make the pigs happen but T one are very aware of their plans.
T one ready to break the pace in half.
First. Inhibitor turret
is gone. Inhibitor a
little bit more. There we go. That will get him across the line.
But DRX comes in with a TPT, one has the Az turret, the sun disc can't protect them
is looking for the angle. He steals the fate sealed away from
Zeus Barrel going to throw down these turrets.
-- But DRX can't find the opportunity they're looking for and T one will
-- escape.
They can't punish the siege. They tried their best with the TP
that a Zir tower is just too much of a threat to go for a 55 underneath their tower.
With this goal deficit. This is the Rx looking for the pick on to
Zeus to stop the 14 on a side lane, but Baker is there to respond.
He knows that their only plan and their only play is killing the top laner of T one.
Baker making sure that doesn't happen.
Yeah.
Deus with a slight ST step back here,
dodging away from the stolen Azer ultimate himself to this player
and T one story with them having confidence in their own
never mind carrier.
That's not where you wanna be buddy
that
goes on a killing three.
There's a second, a
shutdown drr
-- get two for nothing.
-- 20 seconds on the dragon spawn as well.
That will be the soul of T one. But look at Faker.
He's just barreling down midlane looking for another inhibitor.
Looks like two will fall because all of DRX are staying base are coming in. But Zer
doesn't have the TP. It's Oer
in Kuma
who will play patiently and faker with the TP coming back up soon,
-- that one might be able to match the numbers around this dragon
-- fights.
Baker in mid lane, taking out the in hib DRX immediately jumping on to the Drake.
They want to stop this soul by any means possible owners coming
in.
Sonic wave over the wall.
Owner still waiting for it, not going to happen, objective bounty ad Rx,
but now they got to be ready to run.
-- They've got to exfiltrate and T one will not
-- pursue even though it
really hurts to give up your mid inhibitor to faker there you have
have to stop this soul here for DRX. You also get the objective bounty shutdown
trying to make some of uh of this gold deficit up.
They need a couple more items, spikes.
You can see King has just picked up the death stents, but it's infinity edge on death.
The three items sever
that DRX need to look towards double 14 right now, actually ahead of gays
in terms of level.
So the sever will keep the wave clear going on the top and mid inhibitor.
T one needs to stop pressuring the map a little bit harder,
put their foot on the gas and look for this bolt tier too.
-- Yeah, from
-- T one's first,
there is one lane to go to with super going in both mid and top lane, just
group up on bottom side, pressure it in continue to take objectives.
Don't let DRX farm comfortably.
Derek's going to hold this, but owner actually fails to kick flash there,
just dashes backwards the second.
-- The JT one hopes over the
-- wolf and that's very important.
TRX cannot afford to just lose a man for nothing here. A
TP under the
heer to
finds him, but he runs backwards to
circuit attack his own team. He still gets away.
But that's the final tier two turret falling on the side of Drxt one
maintains a 7.5 1000 goal lead with less than two minutes until Baron responds.
And I think seizing that ball tier three for the final inhibitor is
going to be a bit tough for T one at the moment.
One minute, 30 seconds, like you said, flowers on that Baron,
that's gonna be the next threat for T one.
A little bit of top side vision.
Keep that mid push have Zeus on a side lane perhaps depending on his team
-- timer and then look to force that Baron force DRX to walk
-- into you.
And if we're looking at the hope for the comeback for DRX,
the underdog story of the entire tournament, you see it right there
has completed the infinity edge. This is their hope.
The siver late game farming trying to annihilate these minion waves,
see if they can pull out a team fight.
Meanwhile,
big objective is to keep vision control over your red quadrant of your jungle.
So that you don't get into very dangerous
-- scenarios. It comes up in only 57
-- seconds. I'm trying to deny that red buff there.
But the Rx off,
pull it back. You're absolutely right there. Kobe.
It's the, it's the sever of death that needs to find the damage in the fights.
He's a little bit outraged by Faker Zaz
who has three items complete building towards that rabbit on
Zeus also picked up his three items like DRX
need to find some kind of vision around this.
Baron and juggle the waves while they do so.
T one in control of this game from the very start 30 seconds
until the Baron spawns
going to clear out some of the vision here, DRX must be very careful.
A single misstep will give away this Baron and any hope left in this game,
Mount T one right there can DRX scale that mountain?
It's going to be a difficult next five minutes for them.
Baron coming up in only 10 seconds and you see how ferociously they're
-- fighting over the vision just to have a safe place to check
-- from.
They have one blue orb left on de
that'll be an emergency usage in case they lose all vision.
And right now they can't see it. T one are starting it up with their 80 carrier.
Top owner can jump over
very quickly. Where's the blue or from depth? He still has it.
I think up he is gonna pop it over the wall. They,
there's no time t one
that gets the bear.
Now the siege will come in on that B
tier three. You can see the pings on that both side of the map already.
For T one they know the easy way to win. This one is just to push in these lanes.
Go towards bolt. Try to take that final inhibitor.
-- DRX will be forced to fight them underneath their tower and
-- T one.
Now with the Baron buff, you have the luxury of going 131,
pushing all lanes in getting these inhibitors as they're responding.
Zeus
already has been allocated up to that top lane. Push it in this yone.
So oppressive
DRX is gonna have to fight on all sides right now.
DRX is caught in such a difficult position here in this game.
They have to weather a storm that is barreling towards this bottom side,
-- barreling towards their last remaining
-- inhibitor to sometimes the
best hope when you're in a position like this,
assaulted on all sides, just sever
alt and go attack one of them as quickly as you can because the more time you give t one,
the more damage they do.
It's T one on the offensive. Three men, bottom one men in each other lane say
is leading the charge to
that exposed inhibitor in top Baker, maintaining pressure in mid
Ka
has got all the push power in the
world here in bottom last standing inhibitor turret.
That one is going to fall
can just go ahead clear that out. No problem
taking out the other inhibitor there in top lane two more
Os will do it. He'll just let the minions take it out. Triple in his game for T one.
That's going to be the nail in the call for DRX.
They have a small 32nd to 1 minute window
before the super minions will pile in the soul.
Is
for
one.
Are they gonna run down towards this dragon pit and
fight it or they're just gonna give everything up?
Guma
Yushi even tried to use the old unto death spell shield came through.
And even with that ultimate down,
DRX didn't feel confident enough to find an engage.
The er X are in tough
uh su
such a tough spot but they have been in so many other
tough spots and they have come back in a lot of them.
They had not beaten Gen G either and ended up coming back in that series.
T one will finish up their soul and then they will march down mid lane
to finish this game one up.
Well, there is also less than one minute remaining until Baron spawns again.
If t one want to play this as safely and as shortly as possible,
they will make their way over to that pit,
they will secure that objective and then they will push for the win.
That's the remaining timer on the bar and I'm showing you guys that's just my bad.
I was checking to see
if
they have it for another 45 seconds.
They can take out this in hip that has just respond. And then
-- TRX still in the same impossible
-- position and the emperor
is back with a rabbit on death cap this year. It's going to do so much damage.
Davis might even find an
already.
He was looking for it
sealed only going to find one king and getting away for
now owner still looking for the angle flash kick is available.
DRX fully in defensive position.
Now as barrels only got 40% HPT one looking for any angle.
All they got to do is find one and 8000
is definitely enough to end this game. Do Minion Wade making its way up. Owner
threatens to engage change of corruption going out
SECA looking for the play but Oner goes golden. He's going to stay alive for now.
Backing up yet again. Next is to
first one is about to die a little bit of HP still keeping it around
SECA is only a one quarter health he has to heal.
He oi
beats the sonic wave. No resonating strike just yet. TRX are out of turret
and out of time
still looking for the end. Still looking to keep going. The next is all that remains.
-- I
-- love how owner keeps checking them, seeing if they will flinch,
jumping in on the leasing but not going for the flash play.
-- And here comes
-- the end.
Zeus
looks for Q three.
Zaka goes in with a stolen a year old but it ain't gonna do a whole lot.
They still got a little bit of damage but it is not enough. Barrel's gonna an eye deter
good an it one will find the fight and find the win in. Game one. Clean.
Come and collect it. The well oiled machine
tw strikes again. Very similar game to
the DRX Gen G series in that game one where it was just clean from the get go out,
skirmishing out, setting up in terms of objectives and vision.
That man on your screen right there on the AZ just dishing
out so much damage was never really touched in these fights.
-- You
-- can say that again.
Every T one member clapping in this game number one,
-- establishing the dominance here right from the get
-- go.
We got to